how are you I'm doing well you're
getting more handsome I think I don't
know what's happening with you I don't I
think your eyesight's going maybe we're
all getting old that is actually
happening how you doing everything all
right I'm good yeah yeah I saw you on TV
last weekend and I immediately as soon
as I saw you on TV I thought I must ask
about this because well let's roll that
quick clip right there so there you are
sitting right next to LeBron huh
almost they don't have a bench anymore
but almost on the Lakers bench and I
know you're a Celtics fan and you were
there the whole game with LeBron yes do
you talk to him during the game I said
hello I didn't want it to rough him you
know at his place of business I I said
hello I talked to Rondo a little bit you
know so it's so funny because so many
people that play on the Lakers are
actually also friends of mine okay so
I'm there and trying to be as neutral as
possible
uh-huh I mean I say hi to them I say hi
to the Celtics players that I know I'm
secretly rooting for the Celtics but
also I don't mind I mean it's it's great
to see the rivalry back yeah then they
put Eddie Murphy on the jumbotron people
cheer they put Denzel on the jumbotron
people cheer and then they put me on the
jumbotron and I hadn't been booed like
that I think ever I only had one screen
I had a little Jesus piece on with it
just to see the rivalry again it was
absolutely crazy yeah it's fun it is
that is the best I think it may be my
favorite rivalry at all of sports
Lakers itself and those seats are
fantastic ari Emmanuel's had those seats
for a long time so I've been to games
like Matt and I were sharing seats at
the championship game man who I hope
you're not talking about Matt Damon
because no Matt McCarthy yes okay good
yeah so no so in in literally he's told
the story like Phil Jett he says that
Phil Jackson turned around and yelled at
both of us he didn't yell at both of us
he yelled at Matt oh really told Matt to
sit down and shut
and I was like you said I said you know
he's talking to you right there my own
business I always like Phil Jackson and
now I'm realizing why yeah well it was
he's not been scolded by any of the
coaches I haven't no you have you talked
to other players like had real
conversations during a game like
literally like the championship all of a
sudden sitting there I had a pair of
shoes they were untied and all of a
sudden I look and Shaq had filled up my
entire boot with baby powder it's like
game six or Game seven of the world
championship you come with me my boots
I'm like but um yeah I mean it's it's
something I don't get to do that often
but when I can go and I took my son
right there's great great expanse Cup
out that - how old your son my son who
went with me he's 11 11 years old and
I'm 13 year old as well you're from
Boston and this is something I actually
discussed with Ben Affleck I'm like
you're from Boston you are a Boston fan
if Celtics obviously Patriots etc do you
make your son root for your team uh it
it was a bit of a prerequisite yeah but
I also my son
who's my youngest boy he played
intramural for the Knicks so he's still
kind of a Knicks fan he's still hoping
that the Knicks will turn it around it's
because that was he had the job with his
team I did the same thing when I played
for the A's of the league world in
Little League in Boston yes they still
ultimately they root for Boston if your
son decided to get hey you know what I
live in LA I'm a Lakers fan and that's
what I'm going to be would you be
excited about that I wouldn't be
thrilled but I wouldn't have a problem
with it I've come to I've come to
realize that you know they're all
professional athletes it's their
livelihood like I don't get mad now if
if Tom goes somewhere else you know I'll
support him you know he's given us so
much joy in six six Super Bowls I I
could just root for them but uh you know
I hope that everybody your son of Lakers
Jersey yeah you would oh you don't have
to because I bought him one
[Applause]
magic it's a good way to start all right
for him so when I get home I'm gonna
present this and we're either gonna with
us in the dog Ethan or oh no this is
magic that's magic yeah that's like your
green Jesus you can't mess no I love
magic magic didn't wear it though so
whatever you're smelling there is not
magic special bond between Magic Johnson
eyes my neighbor and nays oh yeah oh
yeah we got to get this kid over the
magic magic actually won my kids over we
were we had a lemonade stand
Oh neighborhood and I'm passed out in a
chair all right I have my little
reclining chair that magic stopped about
a lemonade for my kid for 100 bucks
really so he's already a magic fan Wow
yeah Wow sweet sweetheart of a guy you
mentioned Tom Brady tom is a friend of
yours yes yes yeah yeah you don't know
what he's doing you don't always don't
know chata do you think he knows what
he's doing I think he has an idea of
what you do wants to do and I want him
to do whatever's best for him and his
family he's like I said he's brought us
so much joy
I've taken my sons to games and spent
time with him so you hope he stays
involved in doing
I think it would be nice but again if he
wants to go elsewhere
you know I root him on so let's say he
leaves the Patriots and I'm not talking
about him here I'm talking about you
would you want him to come to LA and
play for the Rams war would you prefer
he go elsewhere I think I think
hopefully the Patriots will be smart
enough to pay him I think if not you
know the Raiders obviously are an option
uh-huh if he goes with Mike Vrabel in
Tennessee who already has a great scene
he's gonna want to go somewhere where he
can win he told you that Jared go Jared
golf I think is secure and his job so I
don't think we I meant to yeah yeah
right but uh you know maybe the Chargers
yeah yeah okay yeah yeah fight him to
stay in your home and and you know hang
out there for the season Tom yeah if you
needed a place to stay I was said I
don't think I don't think he's hurting
for it money but yeah if you wanted to
short I mean who do you think Tom likes
better you were Matt Damon any for real
yeah I put him in IX put him in a movie
that's right be immortalized a minute
weeks we've like made us ceiling he has
a golden Pina that's what your oldest
girl how old is she now sixteen it's
gonna be seventeen is September is she
driving yet she's not oh she had a bad
experience in Hawaii we're driving on a
golf cart and we're supposed to be
staying on the path and both sides are
lava and then I told her slow down
around a corner she didn't you know
she's like you know got music playing
and everything and all of a sudden she
starts to go up on the lava and she
literally bails out of the cart the hot
lava was it was not okay sharp yeah you
know Honduras lava yeah so she hasn't
asked to drive anymore which thing I'm
grateful she scared off from driving yes
oh yeah and before that it was like dad
let me take your car let's just drive
around the neighborhood and I was like
you know trying to give her all the
safety tips and she just wouldn't listen
to me you know so I'm glad now she's
changed it wasn't like me when I was I
was 13 years old my dad was a teamster
drove an 18-wheeler he just put me on
his lap and let me get the wheel and
teach me how to double clutch it when
you're 13 you were driving a truck more
like 11 but I don't want to make it seem
like he was doing something too
inappropriate what was your first car
that you owned the first car that I
owned that was legal or the first part
that I owned every that was yours no the
first car that I owned and I bought from
a friend I bought a Volkswagen bug a 71
bug for like 60 bucks and I just drove
it in the neighborhood and left it down
the street from my house but the first
the first legal car that I owned was a
Pontiac LeMans the 79 the month I bought
it from a place called lap ins Auto
which is on Dorchester Avenue for a guy
for 200 bucks and literally by the end
of the year I had traded up and sold a
car I went through 18 different cars on
the first year my insurance policy was
the insurance dealer here and I was
driving at 85 BMW 325i by the end of it
you wouldn't you kept true like selling
them I'd buy 400 sell it for 250 buy
another car sell that yeah okay really
what this is crazy I always had the car
bug I loved cars
well it's Margaret boy if magic lived in
your neighborhood you could have
probably made a million bucks you know
what yeah is still time we're gonna take
a break we come back we see a clip from
the new movie Spencer confidential
Wahlburgers we just want to let you know
how important it is that getting out of
Boston and never coming back yeah we
have a little of going away message for
you for me well can't be from the guys
in here they like me right
so who's sending the message
[Music]
haha
[Applause]
awesome
what out you were talking you doing the
clip you really got kicked by this guy
yeah cowboy Cerrone who's a UFC fighter
yeah I think the winningest fighter in
the history of UFC and great guy but
he's not used to pulling kicks uh-huh
he's used to really kicking people so
I'm like sorry kicking him like like he
didn't read the rest of the script cuz I
mean I get to then jump on top of him
and punch him in the face of bunch of
times but I didn't dare do that foot
yeah well maybe exactly breed this is
toasty you know post his first movie
post Malone right he was a little
nervous at first yeah you know we're
shooting in an actual prison and Walpole
state prison and you know he's coming
over to the set finally he's got his
12-pack of Bud Light I'm like you can't
bring that in in a Dunkin Donuts cup but
that's pretty much it but you never
checked the Dunkin Donuts cup you shot
this not just in like your old
neighborhood you shot it like on your
old block on my old street literally
like across relived 225 every street
alan arkin 'he's house in the movies at
24 Pepperell street this is a
coincidence no you know what yeah they
actually date the location scout and
Pete Berg you know they picked the
location I was like wait a sec I'm
looking at the costume like this is on
my street Wow no it was surreal because
they you know hanging out on that porch
and all that all that it's you know the
memories there were any of your
neighbors still living there in the
neighborhood well a couple certainly
certain people come out of the woodwork
but two of my my dear friends who had
had a couple of run-ins with the law and
served a little time the state of
Massachusetts and the federal government
had actually gotten out and they had
never been in a movie or on a movie set
so I said I got a part for you guys and
I actually made them guards they're both
play fantastic by the way they play
prison prison guards in the prison in
message oh my god they're yeah so it was
nice to be able to bring
that is fantastical circuit well I
cannot wait till those guards that you
should invite the guards who were
guarding them in prison to come see them
portray them all they'll see them in the
movie and they're actually there they're
here in town they're gonna go to the
premiere with me tonight
Oh your buddies are here it was very
nice to be able to share that with Wow
that's pretty that's crazy
yeah they got out like around the same
time right before we started she's so
great what friends do things together
you know actually today I took I
actually took them to a Patriots game
and they were trying to figure out how
to use their iPhone and they were like
there's a scene in the movie where my
character gets out and I don't know what
the cloud is so I go into this
restaurant I don't know a little
convenience store and I need the
surveillance tape so I go and I grabbed
the the VCR and I'm ripping the thing
out I'm like I need this it's this got
all the video on it
he's like no it's in the cloud I'm like
what's the cloud he's like the cloud I'm
like dude you're confusing concept I
guess if you were recently knowledge
changes who your buddies know about the
cloud I they do now but when we were at
the Patriots game they didn't know how
to tell your friends you might want them
out there for this movie premiere
they're just out of prison did you think
they're gonna go home cuz I don't think
they are I think they're with you for
maybe the rest of wait they're more than
welcome to stay with me forever because
we've been brothers since we were kids
but you know they're literally a they
don't like California they like today
like sweating profusely I'm like what's
the matter like it's like no I can't
take your hair these guys are saying L
is worse than prison yes yeah
I'm gonna give them some Lakers Jersey I
don't think that'll go well it's very
good to see you
the movie is you know it's based on
these books and the TV show Spenser for
hire was that character originally yeah
yeah Robert Ehrlich had played that part
based on the series of books and
hopefully we get to do it again it's one
of those things where anytime I had
watched that show which is different
from the series that we're doing I was
it was like one of the cool things I
could identify neighborhoods that I
actually was familiar with so seeing
that character being able to play that
character myself it's amazing because
here's a guy who just cannot stand by to
see injustice or innocent people getting
anything bad happening to them so he
gets out of prison and he's going after
everybody everybody he's cleaning up
[Applause]
thanks for watching remember every time
you click the subscribe button one of
your enemies gets destroyed